A guy's walk home now successfully created an account, and this folder called Profiles has been created.
Now I'm going to click on this and you can see this is the image I uploaded and we said is going to
be the UID of the user.
That is the name of the image is going to be the UID of the user.
And over here in the store we said we are going to upload the image.
Right?
And this is the image of it.
We can open this URL.
You can just copy.
You can use contour and a highlights and we can paste this in a new tab.
And you're going to say it's okay.
You can see.
But unfortunately the rest user do not have this image right or do not have a profile image.
So what we can do is we can just delete the user user's collection and let's have a new word.
Sir.
Delete.
Okay.
So any user, all users now are going to have the profile image.
Now we don't have any users collection.
So what we can then do is we can create a new user.
Okay.
I'm just going to say, my colleague.
My colleague.
I call the poor and the.
This is going to be mark poor at Gmail.
It's calm and the password is going to be this.
So you can click on sign up.
Okay.
And since we do not have that Jesus collection, it's going to be automatically created.
And over year we're going to have an additional image, right?
So you can just check if it does me.
Okay, this is done and.
Let's check this out.
Go to this.
And.
Okay.
Now you can see the user.
The email is my port and the full name is Mark.
Sorry, the him is my poor Jimmy.
The scum.
Right.
Then the full name is Mark Poor.
And this is the image.
Right.
I just went ahead with the previous image where you can upload something else.
Okay.
And we can check the storage, navigates the roots and head back to this OC This is the dietary.
We are all our users which are going to be stored, right?
So we can then click on this.
And this is a why we basically said the image is going to be the UID of the user.
Okay.
Now, so let's compare this.
So I'm going to open this new tab, this authentication in the new tab.
And.
Mark poor.
And this is to job, you see.
And yet we have to W.C. Right.
Basically said the name of the image is going to be the UID of the user.
Okay, great.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.